Feature/3625  remove workspace level actions in webdav (#3648)
tracim/tracim: backend/doc/known_issues.md

- Correct:
    env = TRACIM_CONF_PATH=/home/me/tracim/backend/development.ini

> ## Webdav
> 
> ### Same space name are not all showed properly in webdav
> 
> It's a known limitation of tracim 3.2+ version, you cannot show multiple space
> with same name at the same level through webdav. The webdav view will only show you the "first" one
> according to the tracim database. All the visible spaces are fully working.
> In order to workaround this issue, you can either:
> 
> - rename space
> - set same name space as children of different spaces
> 
> Be careful about the 2nd solution, user should be members of both parent and children to
> see the hierarchy. If user has only access to 2 children same name space, it will get
> the same issue in webdav.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## WebDAV

### Spaces with the same name are not properly displayed in WebDAV

In Tracim v3.2+. you cannot show multiple spaces
with same name at the same level through WebDAV. The WebDAV view will only show you the one that was created first.
In order to workaround this issue, we recommand that you rename the conflicting spaces.
If it is not an option, you may also move the conflicting spaces into other spaces.
Be careful with this solution: users should be members of the parents to see the full hierarchy. If a user only has access to the spaces with the same name but not their parents, they will still have the issue.
```
